Hello. You'll now learn
about two ways that
will allow you to construct
the translated sentence.
The first approach is
known as greedy decoding,
and the second approach is
known as random sampling.
You will also see the pros,
and cons of each method.
For example, when
choosing the word
with the highest
probability at every time,
that does not necessarily
generate the best sequence.
With that said, let's dive in,
and explore these two methods.
By now, you've reached
the final part
of this week's lectures.
That's awesome.
I'll show you a few methods
for sampling, and decoding,
as well as a discussion of
an important hyperparameter in
sampling called temperature.
First, here's a reminder of where
your model is in the
process when sampling,
and decoding comes into play.
After all the necessary
calculations have
been performed on the
encoder hidden states,
and your model is ready to
predict the next token,
how will you choose to do it?
With the most
probable token or by
taking a sample from
a distribution.
Let's discuss a few of the
methods available to you.
Greedy decoding is the
simplest way to decode
the model's predictions
as it selects
the most probable
word at every step.
However, this approach
has limitations.
When you consider the
highest probability
for each prediction,
and concatenate all
predicted tokens for
the output sequence as
the greedy decoder does,
you can end up with
a situation where
the output instead
of I am hungry,
gives you I am, am, am, am.
You can see how this could be
a problem but not in all cases.
For shorter sequences it can be
fine but if you have many
other words to consider,
then knowing what's
coming up next
might help you better
predict the next sequence.
Another option is known
as random sampling.
What random sampling does is
provide probabilities
for each word,
and sample accordingly
for the next outputs.
One of the problems with this is
that it could be a
little bit too random.
A solution for this is to
assign more weight to the
words with higher probability,
and less weight to the others.
You will see a method for doing
this in just a few moments.
In sampling, temperature
is a parameter you can
adjust to allow for
more or less randomness
in your predictions.
It's measured on a scale of 0-1,
indicating low to
high randomness.
You need your model
to make careful,
and safe decisions about
what to output so set
temperature lower,
and get the prediction
equivalent of
a very confident but
rather boring person
seated next to you at dinner.
If you feel like taking
more of a gamble,
set your temperature
a bit higher.
This has the effect of making
your network more excited,
and you may get some
pretty fun predictions.
On the other hand, there will
probably be a lot more mistakes.
Previously, you've seen
the greedy decoding
algorithm which just
selects one best candidate as
an input sequence
for each time stamp.
The model has already
encoded the input sequence,
and use the previous time
steps translation to
calculate how much attention to
give each of the input words.
Now it's using the decoder to
predict the next translated word.
Now choosing just
one best candidate
might be suitable for
the current time step but
when we construct
the full sentence,
it's maybe a sub-optimal choice.
Beam search decoding is
a more exploratory
alternative for decoding that
uses a type of restricted
breadth-first search to
build a search stream.
Instead of offering
a single best output
like in greedy decoding,
beam search selects
multiple options
based on conditional probability.
The search restriction
I mentioned a
moment ago is the beam
width parameter B,
which limits the number
of branching paths
based on a number that you
choose, such as three.
Then at each time step,
the beam search selects B number
of best alternatives with
the highest probability as
the most likely choice
for the time step.
Once you have these
B possibilities,
you can choose the one with
the highest probability.
This is a beam search decoding,
which doesn't look only at
the next output but instead
applies a beam width parameter
to select several
possible options.
Let's take a look at
an example sequence
where the beam width
parameter is set to three.
The beam width parameter is
a defining feature
of beam search,
and it controls
the number of beam
searching through the
sequence of probabilities.
Setting this parameter
works in an intuitive way.
A larger beam width will give you
better model performance
but slower decoding speed.
Provided with the first token I,
and the beam width
parameter of three,
beam search assigns
conditional probabilities to
each of several options
for the next word
in the sequence.
The highest
probability is the one
that will be chosen
for each time step,
and the other options
will be pruned.
It's determined that "am" is
the most likely next token in
the sequence with a
probability of 40 percent.
For the third, and
final time step,
beam search identifies
hungry as the most
likely token with probability
around 80 percent.
Does this sentence
construction make
more sense than any
of the other options?
This is a very simple
example but you can
see for yourself how
beam search makes
a more powerful alternative to
greedy decoding for
machine translation
of longer sequences.
However, beam search decoding
runs into issues where
the model learns a
distribution that
isn't useful or
accurate in reality.
It can also use single
tokens in a problematic way,
especially for unclean corpora.
Imagine having training day,
that is not clean for example,
from a speech corpus.
If you have the filler word "Uhm"
which appears as a
translation in every sentence
with one percent probability that
single element can throw off
your entire translation.
Imagine now that you have
11 good translations
of varying Staten,
which is German for
the United States.
These could be USA, US,
US of A etc,
compared to your German inputs.
In total you have 11 squared,
at least good translations,
each with the same probability
because they're all equal.
The most probable one is
the filler word, Uhm,
and said because one over
11 squared is less than
0.01 percent so that's
ends up being the most
probable outcome.
Not great, is it?
Well, thankfully, there are
alternatives to consider.
Earlier you encountered
random sampling
as a way to choose
a probable token,
and the issues with that
very simple implementation.
But if you go a little
further with that,
say, by generating 30 samples,
and comparing them
all against one
another to see which
one performs the best,
you'll see quite a bit of
improvement in your decoding.
This is called Minimum
Bayes Risk decoding or
MBR for short.
Implementing MBR is
pretty straightforward.
Begin by generating
several random samples
then compare each sample
against all its mates,
and assign similarity
score for each comparison.
ROUGE is a good one that you
may recall from a bit earlier.
Finally, choose the sample
with the highest similarity,
which is sometimes referred
to as the golden one.
Here are the steps
for implementing
MBR on a small set
of four samples.
First, calculate the similarity
between the first, second sample.
Then for the first,
and the third sample,
then calculate again for
the first fourth sample.
Then take the average of those
three similarity scores.
Note, it's more common to use
a weighted average
when you compute MBR.
Then you'll repeat
this process for
the other three
samples in your set.
At last, the top performer
out of all of them
will be chosen,
and that's it for MBR.
You'll be implementing
this one in
the assignment along
with a greedy decoder.
Let's recap everything
I just showed you.
By now you're aware
that's beam search uses
a combination of
conditional probabilities,
and a beam width
parameter to offer
more options for inputs
at each time step.
An alternative to
beam search, the MBR,
take several samples, and
compares them against themselves,
then chooses the best performer.
This can give you a
more contextually
accurate translation.
Excellent work taking in all of
this new information about
neural machine translation,
and attention.
Now, go forth to your
coding assignment,
and remember to have fun.
Congratulations on
finishing this week.
You now know how to implement
a neural machine
translation system,
and you also know
how to evaluate it.
Next week, Lucas will
talk about one of
the states of the art models
known as a transformer,
which also makes use of an
encoder decoder architecture.